README.md, before:

# Visual Studio Code Extension - Theia - Cookbook

This repository contains the sources for the _Visual Studio Code Extension - Theia - Cookbook_.

## Recipe #1 - Getting Started with Visual Studio Code Extension Development

This recipe describes how to get started with Visual Studio Code Extension development.
It shows how to create a custom editor by implementing webviews with different Javascript frameworks.

The corresponding tutorial is located in this repository:  
[Getting Started with Visual Studio Code Extension Development](/tutorials/vscode_extension_webview_getting_started.md)

## Recipe #2 - Multiple webviews in a single Visual Studio Code Extension

This recipe describes how to contribute multiple custom editors based on webviews in a single Visual Studio Code Extension.
It shows how to implement this by using different Javascript frameworks.

The corresponding tutorial is located in this repository:  
[Multiple webviews in a single Visual Studio Code Extension](/tutorials/multiple_webviews.md)

## Recipe #3 - Getting Started with Eclipse Theia

This recipe describes how to get started with Eclipse Theia.
It shows how to create a Theia Application, how to extend it with Visual Studio Code Extensions and how to customize it by replacing and removing Theia implementations from the application.
Additionally it shows how to containerize a Theia Application.

The corresponding tutorial is located in this repository:  
[Getting Started with Eclipse Theia](/tutorials/theia_getting_started.md)

## Recipe #4 - Extending Copilot in Visual Studio Code

This recipe describes hot to extend Copilot in Visual Studio Code by adding _Language Model Tools_, _MCP Servers_ and _Chat Participants_.

The corresponding tutorial is located in this repository:  
[Extending Copilot in Visual Studio Code](/tutorials/vscode_copilot_extension.md)

Commit message:

Add Theia AI Getting Started

README.md, after:

# Visual Studio Code Extension - Theia - Cookbook

This repository contains the sources for the _Visual Studio Code Extension - Theia - Cookbook_.

## Recipe #1 - Getting Started with Visual Studio Code Extension Development

This recipe describes how to get started with Visual Studio Code Extension development.
It shows how to create a custom editor by implementing webviews with different Javascript frameworks.

The corresponding tutorial is located in this repository:  
[Getting Started with Visual Studio Code Extension Development](/tutorials/vscode_extension_webview_getting_started.md)

## Recipe #2 - Multiple webviews in a single Visual Studio Code Extension

This recipe describes how to contribute multiple custom editors based on webviews in a single Visual Studio Code Extension.
It shows how to implement this by using different Javascript frameworks.

The corresponding tutorial is located in this repository:  
[Multiple webviews in a single Visual Studio Code Extension](/tutorials/multiple_webviews.md)

## Recipe #3 - Getting Started with Eclipse Theia

This recipe describes how to get started with Eclipse Theia.
It shows how to create a Theia Application, how to extend it with Visual Studio Code Extensions and how to customize it by replacing and removing Theia implementations from the application.
Additionally it shows how to containerize a Theia Application.

The corresponding tutorial is located in this repository:  
[Getting Started with Eclipse Theia](/tutorials/theia_getting_started.md)

## Recipe #4 - Extending Copilot in Visual Studio Code

This recipe describes how to extend Copilot in Visual Studio Code by adding _Language Model Tools_, _MCP Servers_ and _Chat Participants_.

The corresponding tutorial is located in this repository:  
[Extending Copilot in Visual Studio Code](/tutorials/vscode_copilot_extension.md)

## Recipe #5 - Getting Started with Theia AI

This recipe describes how to get started with Theia AI.  
It shows how to add _Tool Functions_, _MCP Servers_ and _Custom Agents_.

The corresponding tutorial is located in this repository:  
[Getting Started with Theia AI](/tutorials/theia_ai_getting_started.md)
